welcome to the DL our webcast
this must be really nasty as you see
here is the deal our crawler it is a
small six-legged walking robot which we
have built up based on the fingers of
the deal our hand to the features
special to the crawler our top sends us
in each joint and the force sensor in
each foot these allow us to implement
compliant control algorithms making the
crawler walk smoothly and elastically
sizing the legs which are basically the
fingers of a deal our hand two were
constructed in a joint effort of teams
dealing with mechanics electronics and
control technology the crawler itself
was then built up by a relatively small
team and we are now working together
with a second department which will
realize the robot navigation based on
camera data the cameras are standard
commercially available cameras but the
algorithms that we use to process the
camera data are special we have two
cameras installed on the crawler by
which we attain stereo images a
colleague has developed and written a
very efficient and powerful algorithm
for processing the stereo data this
algorithm which has been used for
example for modeling terrain data
acquired with satellites or aircrafts
has now been ported to the crawler which
uses it for its navigation through rough
terrain kamara blue the monitor displays
a processed camera image of the crawler
the crawler takes the initial stereo
camera data extracts the 3d information
and builds up a come to a map of the
terrain it colors the map in red green
and yellow according to how passable the
terrain is for it based on that
information it chooses the easiest way
to reach its destination top ends at so
Chicago bata is the main application for
such a crawling robot is moving in areas
that are too dangerous or inaccessible
to humans from cobblers asthma the
medium term goal of the crawler is to
provide us with first experiences of
movement over rugged terrain and to
learn how the crawler might
independently overcome obstacles without
human intervention the long-term goal is
of course that the robot will manage to
find its own way and perform given tasks
in
completely unknown terrain whether this
will be the collection of stones or
searching for something is presently of
secondary importance the work on foreign
space research for example the
exploration of distant planets is one of
several future applications in which we
can imagine the crawler to be beneficial
another important future use is
assistance in disaster areas we can
imagine having a group of Kronus that in
parallel explore the disaster area
perhaps searching for victims or injured
humans as completely autonomous search
robots many such applications come to
mind such as area struck by earthquakes
or chemical industry accidents both are
very challenging and worthwhile goals
for using the krona thank you this was a
deal our webcast